Target .Net 5.0 and update packages (#6)
clearbank/fi-api-signtool: README.md

﻿# FI.API Sign Tool

> .NET tool to help with signing payloads correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET 5 tool to help with signing payloads correctly
```

## Availability

> Packaged as C# source code this is targeted at .NET, but is compatible with any OS capable of running .NET (e.g. Windows, MacOS, Linux). Specifically, you will need .NET v5.0 installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packaged as C# source code this is targeted at .NET 5. It is compatible with any OS capable of running .NET 5 (e.g. Windows, MacOS, Linux).
```

Contact ClearBank support if you need a pre-built executable for your OS.

> You will likely need to define the framework version with the --framework parameter.

Reviewer: We don't need it when only one single framework present in the csproj
